hey hello investors welcome back to the
channel in today's video I'm going to
show how I make a $100 daily trading put
credit spreads for today's video we're
going to be using investco QQQ here it
goes let's go to trade let's go to trade
options let's choose our strike date of
June 21st now let's make sure it says
sell and put and now we're going to go
ahead and choose a strike price below
the current share price now my personal
preference is always to choose a strike
price that has a chance of profitability
of 80% or higher so I'm going to go with
the 481 put now we're going to go over
to buy and put and now we're going to
select our buy put below our sell put
and I'm going to go with the 480 put
we're going to strike up we're going to
hit review now in order for me to make
this a $100 trade I need to increase the
amount of contracts I have so we're
going to be going with six and that's
going to give me $101 rinse repeat this
is how you do a credit spread follow for
more